clean: remove reference to SH in cli docs (#547)
codacy/docs: docs/related-tools/local-analysis/running-local-analysis.md

If you have ignored issues on Codacy be aware that the CLI won't respect those ignored issues when printing the results locally.

> When uploading results the ignored issues will be reflected on Codacy after the analysis is complete.

Reviewer: Like this, the sentence is a better conclusion to the information on the previous sentence:

```suggestion
However, if you upload the results, the ignored issues will be reflected on the Codacy UI after the analysis is complete.
```

Author: so. much. better. 👏
